annot: in a bowl, add ground beef, salt, pepper, 1 egg, dijon mustard and bread crumbs
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ground beef (-1), salt (-1), pepper (-1), 1 egg (-1), dijon mustard (-1), bread crumbs (-1)
[PP, location, in] a bowl (-1)
annot: mix the ingredients with hand
ACTID: 1
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (0)
[PP, other, with] hand (-1)
annot: Add vegetable oil in a pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] vegetable oil (-1)
[PP, location, in] a pan (-1)
annot: fry the meat patty in it
ACTID: 3
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the meat patty (1)
[PP, food, in] it (2)
annot: Put 2 slices of cheese on top
ACTID: 4
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] 2 slices of cheese (-1)
[PP, food, on] top (3)
annot: heat until they melt
ACTID: 5
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] (4)
[PP, other, until] they melt (-1)
annot: transfer the burger aside
ACTID: 6
PRED: transfer
[DOBJ, food] the burger (5)
annot: fry some onion in the same pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] some onion (-1)
[PP, location, in] the same pan (-1)
annot: Place some tomato sauce, the burger patty, the onions on a bun
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] some tomato sauce (-1), the burger patty (6), the onions (7)
[PP, food, on] a bun (-1)
annot: cover with another bun on
ACTID: 9
PRED: cover
[DOBJ, food] (8)
[PP, food, with] another bun on (-1)